You already know Brazil, Brazil.
now it focused so much so that invaded
studio here and put it there in Brazil
also you right
the globocop
the first epic video of the week of
today let's say so it is well
Naughty actually I got seasick
by the video guy knows when his mother
Talking about eating greasy things does
Bad, how is it that makes you sick is so much?
greasy paper does not cover those hurt
battles that you eat are very fat
It hurts if you can get a baby
liter of pure oil and less than one minute
What you're gonna find out about this is a lot
greasy will the route work my kiss
called my love is in the air
Let's go to a Walloon.
stealing pomegranate is the image but it should
abandoning Japan goes away more physical
ae missed chest now even science
evolved
I've been reading how it's possible, man.
single does without vomiting and type beat a
beer after the type is to accept the
Farm sends me more bottle of wine than I do.
I'm going to drink but you pay attention to the
beginning of the video a dung of $ 100 bbb
that liter of oil $ 100 to $ 100
no case hospitalization price
after drinking that damn it is between
we got it fixed in fashion made
finally my car
Come on you, you 're just fucking
out vaccae will smell buried the body
No, I would not do it, but it's fuck, it 's just for
Emphasize that if fuck cuts part of the
Chaco right did not like that page through
It's strange to say that now it 's there now.
a video of a challenge I would make
quietly but the problem is the time
You have to complete this challenge.
Why do not you drink calm water, who does not?
Drink water quietly but
able to drink half a liter of water in a
ideally the second and there gives or
No way will it do that, let's see.
the wheel
it's sensational in morality if you start
search on youtube for that baby toss
water and a second you start to see that
actually stole a chain of
challenges and water and the second and
begins to see that there are more people
can also release any second
long I wanted that Bottom Bottle
throat and choked and drowned
anyway cases like you could
realize that I'm not very good at
challenges not stick around your
challenges go for the third video that this
also a crazy segment
So let's just say that now
the video guy is really a guy from the
branch so is a professor of chemistry
so the guy understands the stops he
is playing with gases
Yes, he is not learning and joking.
with a request from him at last is a teacher
of chemistry giving a chemistry class
Where I'm filming class and he's
wanting to show that legal chemistry
explaining the gases in the moral if I
had a teacher of his interest that I
would be a chemistry genius because he did not
You can not pay attention to this guy.
wins with aae and will do or not like
can kill in auto smartphones the
next one there is one or the other after the
goodbye
I always distrusted these chemicals.
awesome watermatch guy there in the
amphetamine and this teacher of
chemistry to innovate the name of the gas
video profane methyl boff has 30 onta one
awesome player the guys who
means 22 chapadones mixing things
It's good it will be to make it clear if
he was not crazy the case is not so
cheap on him told the guy gets high
Last case will say that giggle
He does not fool anyone in the end.
even with this rick mico and never again
need to buy substances that change
your mental and physical state you can
all of them start to lend
attention in chemistry classes
Tip on the spot you enjoy I liked it
do this with the sound of Bob Marley was the
Same old crazy thing was the ego.
of today's week if you liked this
video already leaves that your werewolf lid
underneath that they would not be fair 25
where if you already have place in heaven no
will miss prepared if you already have
place on your youtube account or two
seconds help here in the disclosure
this channel 2 video
seconds in your time by clicking here
help thousands and thousands of
my time does not understand your sentence I go
If you like this video you are not
inscribed here in my car you can
sign up here and sign up
where you click on it, you
signing up here my channel begins to
to receive all the gods from now on
and your child subscriptions social network
he also has facebook facebook twitter
e and instagram come together for
stay within all the
here updates the channel that hours goes
to have everything I can soon come
communicating to you here in the canal
social networks for sure you will
know first fight show description of
video are also all deviations from the
knox the week to watch you
separately to tell him that he knows the
that is to take a liter of oil is possible
take eight young people
incredible as it seems another video
For him and challenges his friends to
going bad is more